High in this video we are going to talk about another application for now on networks and this is how
to forecast stock market basically.
So let's suppose the situation where we have a plot like this we have a given stalk and we monitored
the price of that given stock in the range of time.
OK.
And of course it's kind of a stochastic process.
I'm not sure whether you were familiar with.
So has Dick process's it all integral power to solve still has the differential equations and something
like that.
What ever.
Basically now the networks approach has nothing to do with these kinds of mathematical models because
we try to find a pattern within a stock market data we drop off on our own network we drop a learning
algorithm basically.
And what's the intuition that we construct the training data.
For example three data points.
OK it can be four five 10 or 100 or whatever.
In this example we use three data points plus the next one.
And if we want to make prediction if we have three points what will be the stock price tomorrow for
example.
So let's create that data.
Basically the training data that we have the first price second prize cert price and then we have their
production.
This is the first price.
This is the second price.
This is a surprise.
And if we know that we have this surprise the surprise and the surprise was the next price we know for
certain this is the historical data.
So we have this Plaut we know for certain that these capital P one is going to be the price here.
If we have these three previous prices what's going to be the second line in the training data.
Basically the next two on this one we know days and days we just have to get these data from the plot.
And what's the next step.
It's going to be the production team and so on.
Next one next one next one what's the price here.
If we have these as the previous prices of course as you make gas it is quite redundant in the sense
that this we want to is the same as DSP P2 on.
And this the one sorry is the same as this P2 2.
Okay.
Because this is how we construct or data set and what is it good because if we have lots of lots of
data like this we trained and out of network in this case you may guess that we have street input now
owns 1 to 3 and we have a single output now and on and now and that work is going to learn that if this
was the price and this and this this is the output.
If it was the price this and this then this was the old wood and so on.
Why is it good because maybe we are able to train our now and that to work on these data set.
And if we provide an x y Zad three previous values it may predicate the stock price tomorrow.
OK.
So this is how we can construct an algorithm now and that we're basically for stock markets.
Of course it is not that simple.
If you do something like this it's not going to work that fine.
I have tried it several times and lots of lots of stock market related algorithms relies heavily on
our networks but we have to find other stocks for example and measure the correlation between the two
of them.
And basically we have to use.
And now we're on a network to learn other features and other para meters.
Concerning the stock market.
But I think it is very very good example of how we can use in their role in that work and it is quite
interesting as far as I am concerned this is one of my favorites.
Thanks for watching.